docs: minor documentation improvements (#1363)
software-mansion/radon-ide: packages/docs/docs/getting-started/connect-mode.md

**Connect Mode** allows you to use some (currently limited) features of the Radon IDE while developing with your own React Native / Expo dev server ([Metro](https://metrobundler.dev/)) on your own simulator / emulator, or physical device.

> In this mode, you don't use the [Radon Panel](/docs/getting-started/panel-mode), but instead Radon IDE connects automatically to your running Metro development server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, you don't use the [Radon Panel](/docs/getting-started/panel-mode), but instead Radon IDE connects automatically to your running applications.
```
maybe? This is supposed to be an introductory blurb, not a technical explanation.
It's fine as is.
